[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: It seems that Volt's demise at my
hands didn't convince Lync that betraying my father
was a bad idea.
So I had to teach him his own lesson.
PRINCE HYDRON: Unfortunately, I was so
busy reveling in my victory that I didn't
notice him leaving behind a clue for the Brawlers.
PRINCE HYDRON: Now the Brawlers know about
Father's latest plan so the pressure is on.
KEITH: It's a lethal weapon that can destroy
entire galaxies and the lives within.
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
ZENOHELD: Lync's betrayal has cost us precious time.
ZENOHELD: We need the Battle Gear data and the
DNA code in order to finish the Alternative
weapon system.
ZENOHELD: You must secure this immediately...so that
I may fulfill my destiny.
MYLENE: I can get the data that you desire, King
Zenoheld...I know where the brawlers are hiding.
ZENOHELD: Do it then.
PRINCE HYDRON: And try not to mess it up...Mylene.
PRINCE HYDRON: Otherwise I'll be forced to deal
with you, just like I did with Lync and Volt.
MYLENE: Your threats don't frighten me, little boy.
MYLENE: Not at all.
MYLENE: I have my own reasons for accepting this mission.
I'm doing this for myself and no one else.
MYLENE: Shadow...
SHADOW PROVE: Hahaha...looking for a
little back up on your trip. Mylene?
MYLENE: I guess.
MYLENE: Just try not to get in my way.
SHADOW PROVE: Like I ever do!
MYLENE: [sigh] Let's go.
[\u266a]
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Mylene's Meltdown.
SHADOW PROVE: Yeeeeaaaah!
SHADOW PROVE: So this is where those Brawler geeks
live then...I think I could handle this.
MYLENE: Huh... something's definitely not right, here.
MYLENE: Getting in this place was way too easy.
MYLENE: Just keep your guard up.
You never know. This could be a trap.
SHADOW PROVE: Ahhh. Relax, you're paranoid.
They're probably just out.
SHADOW PROVE: Is it here?
SHADOW PROVE: Oh, sorry buddy. Wrong room.
SHADOW PROVE: Arrrrrggghhh.
There's still another hundred rooms to go!
SHADOW PROVE: Seriously! Who lives in a place like this?
How much room does one little runt need?
DAN: Nice dance moves, pal.
SHADOW PROVE: Hey! Mind your own business!
Uh...Who said that?
DAN: That'd be me, fancy feet.
SHADOW PROVE: Ohhhhh, maaaaaaaaaan!
[\u266a]
MYLENE: [exertion] I knew it was a trap.
MARUCHO: Give it up, Mylene, You've got nowhere to go.
ELFIN: Yeah! Make it easy on yourself.
PREYAS: Did you think we'd do nothing while you tried
to get your awful \"Alternative\" machine going?
MARUCHO: He's right!
MYLENE: What did you say?
BARON: Your buddy Lync left behind a clue that
told us all about it.
MYLENE: That imbecile, Hydron...
PERCIVAL: There's no point in trying to deny it.
ACE: Now put your hands on your head.
MYLENE: Sorry...
MYLENE: ...Can't do it!
MIRA: Whoa!
BARON: [exertion]
MYLENE: Nice try!
JULIE/MIRA/ACE/BARON: [gasp]
MYLENE: You won't take me!
MARUCHO: Wrong again.
MYLENE: [gasp]
JULIE: Wha-zing!
MYLENE: [frustrated]
MIRA: Why are you doing this?
MYLENE: What?
MIRA: First you enslave the Bakugan.
Then you try to wipe them out.
MIRA: And now you want to destroy the whole Universe...
MYLENE: Hah! You've got nerve lecturing me.
Considering who your father is.
WILLDA: Mira! Watch out!
MIRA: [gasp]
MYLENE: [exertion]
MYLENE: Haaaaaaaahhhh!
ACE/BARON/JULIE: [gasp]
MIRA: [scream]
DAN: [grunt, pain]
DRAGO: Dan! Are you okay?
DAN: [groan]
SHADOW PROVE: Oh yeaaaah!
SHADOW PROVE: You guys are so cocky...We might be
out-numbered, but we're never out-gunned.
DAN: Huh? !
SHADOW PROVE: Shadow kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiick!
SHADOW PROVE: [grunt]
[punching, exertion, kicking]
SHADOW PROVE: Stay still, will ya?
Hah!
SHADOW PROVE: [groan]
RUNO: Nice one, Keith.
SHUN: Give it up, Mylene.
DAN: There's no escape.
MYLENE: You're not calling the shots here.
SHADOW PROVE: [moan]
[sneeze]
[bigger moan]
MYLENE: Now...For the last time.
Hand over the Battle Gear Data and the DNA code.
DAN: Forget it, Mylene.
BARON: We're not going to help you finish your weapon.
BARON: We have to protect the universe!
MIRA: [gasp]
MYLENE: If I were you, I'd be more
worried about protecting your precious Mira, here.
You got that guys?
DAN: [angry growl]
KEITH: You win.
DAN: [gasp]
KEITH: Don't hurt her. I'll give you the data.
ACE: You can't!
SHADOW PROVE: [chuckle] JULIE: Oh no!
DAN: Yeah that's it! Keep smiling, Shadow Prove!
RUNO: Dan, calm down.
BARON: Whoa... I can't believe Keith gave in so quickly without
putting up a fight.
ACE: It's hard to be tough when there's a laser to
your sister's throat.
SHADOW PROVE: You guys quit your yapping back
there...I'd hate for Mylene to get distracted
and accidentally trip.
Mira might lose her head, you know.
KATO: Oh, dear me...
MYLENE: When did you become so weak, Spectra?
In the old days, you wouldn't have batted an
eye at a hostage.
Sister or not.
MIRA: His name is Keith, now!
My brother isn't the same person you used to know.
MIRA: [gasp, pain]
MYLENE: We used to be... like-minded , Spectra.
We had the same desire for power. What happened?
KEITH: I guess I came to a realization.
MYLENE: What?
KEITH: I recognized that I was being vain and foolish.
Just like you are now.
MYLENE: [gasp]
MIRA: Keith! Watch out!
SHADOW PROVE: Easy Mylene. Take a chill pill.
We still need him to show us where the data is.
KEITH: Patience, kids. We're almost there.
MARUCHO: He's heading to a...
PREYAS: What is it, Marucho?
SHADOW PROVE: Ding ding!
SHADOW PROVE: End of the line, blondie!
KEITH: [grunt]
HELIOS: We can take this clown.
KEITH: Be patient, Helios, and just calm down.
This isn't a battlefield , you know.
MARUCHO: [giant gasp]
SHADOW PROVE: This is taking way too long. Move it!
MARUCHO: Battlefield... Hold on Keith, I'm reading your mail!
MYLENE: This is where you're keeping the data?
SHADOW PROVE: Just looks like a big empty room to
me...You better not be messing with us there, pal.
MIRA: He wouldn't do that.
MARUCHO: Ready Kato?
KATO: On your command, Master Marucho.
MARUCHO: Okay. Battlefield, activate!
OPERATOR A: Activating emergency sequence.
SHADOW PROVE: What the...?!
KEITH: Hmmmph.
MYLENE: Oh.. why you...!
MYLENE: You'll pay for your trickery, Spectra!
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: Traitors don't scare me. Bakugan Brawl!
MYLENE: Whah? Where are we?
SHADOW PROVE: Enough, Spectra!
You get us out of here...right now!
Do you hear me? Right Now!
KEITH: I'm sorry but I just can't do that.
KEITH: I have no control from inside this realm.
SHADOW PROVE: Say what?
MYLENE: Then.. is this ...
MYLENE: ...a virtual reality?
MARUCHO: That's exactly right.
MYLENE: Huh?
MARUCHO: You're now inside Bakugan Interspace, a
virtual reality environment created
specifically for Bakugan battles!
MARUCHO: You're in my world now.
So get ready to brawl!
DAN: I love it! Keith is the master of the fake out.
Ah man, he even had me fooled.
DRAGO: Very impressive, indeed.
MIRA: Listen guys, we don't have to fight.
What if you switched sides and joined us?
MIRA: You have to realize that Zenoheld's plan is
crazy and downright evil.
SHADOW PROVE: Just put a sock in it.
We may be stuck in here but I'm not gonna listen to this.
MIRA: But I...
SHADOW PROVE: No more jibber jabber.
If you say we have to battle then bring it, punks.
Let's get it on. [laughter]
MYLENE: And just to make things way
more interesting, why not put a wager on things.
DAN: What'd she say?
MYLENE: Win the battle and we'll leave the Vexos and
join you.
SHADOW PROVE: Don't get too excited.
There's no way we're gonna lose.
KEITH: Okay then.
KEITH: Spectra is now ready.
MIRA: Let's do this Keith!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Gauntlet, power strike!
MIRA/MYLENE/SHADOW PROVE ...Power Strike!
SHADOW PROVE: Gate Card, set!
SHADOW PROVE: Darkus MAC Spider!
Bakugan Brawl!
SHADOW PROVE: Bakugan, stand!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Bakugan Brawl!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Bakugan Stand!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Rise, Pyrus Helios MK II
HELIOS: [mighty roar]
SHADOW PROVE: You know something, I never did like you,
Spectra...And now I'm gonna show you...just how much!
KEITH/SPECTRA: You'll have to do better than sticks
and stones, Shadow Prove.
SHADOW PROVE: Stuff it! Gate Card, open!
SHADOW PROVE: Phantasmorphic!
SHADOW PROVE: [laughter] Time to feel the burn Helios.
Do you want it regular or extra crispy?
MIRA: Oh Keith!
MYLENE: He can't help you now, little girl.
MIRA: Hmmph!
MYLENE: Gate Card, set!
MYLENE: Bakugan Brawl!
MYLENE: Bakugan, stand!
MYLENE: Go, Aquos Macubass!
MIRA: Subterra Magma Willda! Bakugan Brawl!
MIRA: Bakugan Stand!
WILLDA: [rising roar]
MYLENE: Ability Activate!
MYLENE: ABSIDS!
WILLDA: [pain, exertion]
MYLENE: [laughter]
MYLENE: Is big brother going to dry your tears when
this is over, Mira?
ACE: Mira! Hang tight!
RUNO: You can do it!
BARON: In it to win it, guys!
SHADOW PROVE: Say hello to my eight-legged friend.
Spider Cannon!
SHADOW PROVE: Yeeeeaaaaaaahhhh!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Ability Card, activate! FARBAS RX!
SHADOW PROVE: [laughter]
Now that's what I call a... ...one hit wonder.
COMPUTER VOICE: Deleting field damage done by the 'Phantasm'
gate card and spatial transformation phenomenon.
SHADOW PROVE: What the...?!
COMPUTER VOICE: Repairing 38% body damage sustained by
'Spider Cannon.' Adjusting for 27% loss of power.
KEITH/SPECTRA: FARBAS RX nullifies your gate card
and also nullifies the opponent's ability card
for a limited time.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Like that.
HELIOS: Hah!
SHADOW PROVE: Are you serious?
He doesn't even have a single scratch on him.
SHADOW PROVE: What kind of a freak are you?
MYLENE: Ability, activate!
MYLENE: ABSIDS TR2!
MIRA: Ability, activate!
MIRA: Chest Burn!
WILLDA: [mighty roar]
MYLENE: What?
MIRA: Great shot Willda!
WILLDA: Pecs of doom, baby!
HELIOS: Who wants...
HELIOS: ...seconds?
SHADOW PROVE: [gasp] Ability activate!
SHADOW PROVE: Tarantula Needle!
SHADOW PROVE: Uh...uh...Ability activate!
SHADOW PROVE: Blaster Needle!
HELIOS: Is that all you've got?
SHADOW PROVE: Ability activate!
SHADOW PROVE: Spider Net!
HELIOS: [angry growl]
SHADOW PROVE: You like that?
Ability activate!
SHADOW PROVE: Mega Terror Impact!
HELIOS: Hah!
SHADOW PROVE: Time to say goodnight!
HELIOS: Gee, that kind of tickles.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Now Helios! Ability, activate!
Blackout Cannon!
HELIOS: [angry growl] Haaaaaaah!
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: [gasp] M..my..spider...
HELIOS: Looks like your Spider is as gutless as
you are now.
SHADOW PROVE: You're a...monster...
GAUNTLET: Shadow Prove Life force, zero.
MYLENE: [tsk] Nice one, Shadow.
WILLDA: That's a sneak preview of what's coming your way.
MIRA: Mylene...enough destruction.
Let's work together for a change, okay?
MYLENE: You don't understand. I'm not interested.
I'm not doing this for Zenoheld.
I'm a free agent now. You got that?
MIRA: But why?
MYLENE: Because loyalties change.
Just look at your brother.
MYLENE: No more teams.
I've decided the only one I can truly trust is myself.
MIRA: No you're wrong!
MYLENE: Gate Card, open.
MYLENE: Acquos Reactor!
WILLDA: Huh?
MIRA: Willda!
MYLENE: Ability activate! Tsunami Hydrer!
WILLDA: Whah? Huh? ! Whoa!
WILLDA: Help! I can't swim!
MIRA: Willda!
MYLENE: Now it's your turn.
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set!
MYLENE: Ability activate!
MYLENE: Moby Finale!
MIRA: [gasp]
MYLENE: Good-bye silly girl.
[scream]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Well that was a bit close.
MIRA: Keith! Helios!
MYLENE: Can't fight your own battles?
HELIOS: Can I finish her off, please?
MIRA: Wait a second.
MIRA: This is my brawl.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Mira?
MIRA: I can do this. Trust me.
WILLDA: I'm right behind you!
WILLDA: [grunt, exertion]
I'm ready to bring the hurt.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Good luck. Helios!
HELIOS: Leave'em in pieces.
WILLDA: Don't worry. I promise.
MYLENE: Do you honestly think you can take me down
by yourself?
And I thought your brother was the arrogant one!
MIRA: Ability activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
MIRA: Earth Seeker!
WILLDA: [rising roar]
WILLDA: Huuuuuaaaaahhhh!
[\u266a]
WILLDA: Hah!
MIRA: You asked for this.
MYLENE: Whatever...bring it! Big deal!
MIRA: Ability Activate!
MIRA: Galosh Punch!
WILLDA: Huuuuaaaaah!
MYLENE: You bore me...Ability Activate!
Saber Barracuda!
WILLDA: Haaaah!
HELIOS: This could go either way.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Yes...I know.
WILLDA: [grunting, exertion]
DAN: She's gonna win. I can feel it!
DRAGO: I hope you're right.
MIRA: I'm saving the best for last.
Ability activate! Hyper Earth Ball!
WILLDA: You Vexos and your Mechanical Bakugan are a
plague that has cursed the universe.
It's time you were taken down, for good!
MYLENE: Now Macubass!
WILLDA: Haaaaaaaahh!
MIRA: We can do this Willda!
Let's show them...that good...will always prevail!
WILLDA: Victory is ours!
MYLENE: I'm sick and tired of your talk Mira!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Helios...
HELIOS: Yes?
KEITH/SPECTRA: I think Mira just won it.
MYLENE: What the...?!
[\u266a]
MYLENE: No!
GAUNTLET: Mylene Life force, zero.
JULIE: Yeah, sister!
RUNO: Awesome! DAN: Wicked!
WILLDA: Just like I said...In pieces!
MYLENE: How could I have lost? I don't understand.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Mylene...
KEITH/SPECTRA: You were right.
We used to have the same desires.
We both coveted power...but I learned
something from the Brawlers.
KEITH/SPECTRA: It's that true power...
KEITH/SPECTRA: ...lies in friendship and
teamwork...And you can be part of that if you want.
KEITH/SPECTRA: We are ready to welcome you in.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Isn't that right, Mira?
MIRA: Yes, Keith.
MYLENE: Gee, Keith.
What a beautiful and touching speech that was.
KEITH: [gasp] MIRA: [gasp]
MYLENE: Unfortunately...
MYLENE: ...it's made me want to fight you even more!
KEITH: [gasp]
MYLENE: I failed my mission and I lost
the battle so I have to end this on my terms.
Maybe that sounds like sour grapes to you but I
can live with that.
SHADOW PROVE: [laughter]
Easy does it, tiger. [slurp]
MYLENE: Just back off!
KEITH: Mylene... NO!
MYLENE: Good-bye...Spectra!
MYLENE: Hee yah!
MYLENE: Whoa! What the...?!
SHADOW PROVE: What's happening?
OPERATOR A: There's been a rupture in the
Interspace continuum.
OPERATOR B: Sensors are showing an internal
gravitational shift and we're getting errors.
RUNO: Dan, what's wrong?
MARUCHO: That ball that...Mylene threw.
Somehow it seems to have opened up a dimensional portal
that's causing Bakugan Interspace to
shut down on itself.
OPERATOR A: It's no use. We're unable to stabilize
the Interspace.
DAN: Keith! Mira!
SHADOW PROVE: What's going on? What did you do?
MYLENE: [gasp]
MIRA: Keith..? !
PRINCE HYDRON: It seems that no matter how much I
do for my father, nothing is ever good enough for him?
What do I have to do to get his approval?
I've done everything he's asked of me and succeeded
every time.
It's like he's punishing me for the failure of the others.
PRINCE HYDRON: It actually took a visit from my
departed Vexos teammates to give me an idea of how
to prove myself.
I would have to fight my father and take him down.
If he won't respect me, then I'll have to defeat
him and take over the throne.
PRINCE HYDRON: Tune in and check it out.
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan Brawl!
PRINCE HYDRON: Respect...will be mine.
[\u266a]